Hello, my name is Noah Swingle, and I am a junior mechanical engineering major at the
University of South Carolina, where I also do NASA-funded research on composite manufacturing.
I got the opportunity to compete in the 2017 and 2018 International Space Settlement Design
competitions, and they remain among my fondest memories from high school and one of the best
decisions that I have ever made in my life.
To me, space settlements are so exciting because they represent a major milestone, not only
in space exploration, but in the technological capability of mankind.
But to achieve this goal, you have to develop a certain level of talent and expertise.
I think that's exactly what design competitions like ISSDC do.
I was exposed first-hand to this industry simulation and got to learn about the time
pressure and deadlines that companies face, about the way that you have to work within
teams to achieve your goals.
These lessons were affirmed to me when I interned at the Boeing Company last summer.
To me, the favorite part of competing in ISSDC wasn't necessarily the challenge of
it or the way that I learned from it, but the people that I interacted with.
I got to work with brilliant young students from around the world, forge friendships with
people from other continents, and learn from industry-leading scientists and engineers.
I can say without a doubt that I would not be where I am without competing in ISSDC,
and I cannot be more thankful for the people who are involved with it.